Node.js
HOMEABOUTDOWNLOADSDOCSGET INVOLVEDSECURITYCERTIFICATIONNEWS
Dark Theme Switcher
Language Switcher
Docs
v18.17.0 API LTS
v20.4.0 API
ES6 and beyond
Guides
Dependencies
About documentation
There are several types of documentation available on this website:

API reference documentation
ES6 features
Guides
Dependencies
API reference documentation
The API reference documentation provides detailed information about a function or object in Node.js. This documentation indicates what arguments a method accepts, the return value of that method, and what errors may be related to that method. It also indicates which methods are available for different versions of Node.js.

This documentation describes the built-in modules provided by Node.js. It does not document modules provided by the community.

Looking for API docs of previous releases?
Node.js 20.x
Node.js 19.x
Node.js 18.x
Node.js 17.x
Node.js 16.x
Node.js 15.x
Node.js 14.x
Node.js 13.x
Node.js 12.x
Node.js 11.x
Node.js 10.x
Node.js 9.x
Node.js 8.x
Node.js 7.x
Node.js 6.x
Node.js 5.x
Node.js 4.x
Node.js 0.12.x
Node.js 0.10.x
All versions

ES6 features
The ES6 section describes the three ES6 feature groups, and details which features are enabled by default in Node.js, alongside explanatory links. It also shows how to find which version of V8 shipped with a particular Node.js release.

Guides
The Guides section has long-form, in-depth articles about Node.js technical features and capabilities.

Dependencies
Node.js depends on additional components beyond the Node.js code itself. These dependencies provide both native and JavaScript code and are built together with the code under the src and lib directories to create the Node.js binaries.

Copyright OpenJS Foundation and Node.js contributors. All rights reserved. The OpenJS Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of the OpenJS Foundation, please see our Trademark Policy and Trademark List. Trademarks and logos not indicated on the list of OpenJS Foundation trademarks are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.

The OpenJS Foundation | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Bylaws | Code of Conduct | Trademark Policy | Trademark List | Cookie Policy
Documentation | Node.js